If it really doesn't work, just sell him
Just wait.
By the way, your girlfriend introduced us to a new order.
Said that the big star Su Tang is going to shoot a wedding dress blockbuster
Let's go now.
Miaomiao is so busy that she still attracts customers for us.
Let's go then.
emotional power
You have to make a fortune in your career
Miss Su, I am Qin Luo, a wedding dress designer. Hmm.
This man is so handsome
This is Mr. Gu from Story Group, right?
Why are you here?
Come and see
Sijun, you know each other?
Good friend's child
Well, I've got work to do.
I won't hit Uncle and Miss Su
uncle
Is there something wrong with the way this kid looks at you?
Take a good picture
Don't make things difficult for him.
Miss Su is in a good mood today.
Not picky
Yeah, for the first time ever, right?
He is really beautiful
The ring on the car is for him, right?
Will they get married?
Obviously these are their emotional memories
But in reality, he and Gu Sijun
But so far away
So far that he put a heart in front of him
He can't even see.
4 years and 1,460 days respectively
See you again for the first time
What I didn't tell you is
Actually I miss you
Now I don't care what I say
You can't see it.
Don't bother octave him
Please delete me.